one down 15 to go Emma leads the charge
on the ground her team 30 men and a baby
you can see there are some quite big
horns that can do us some damage the
wildebeest can't stay drugged for long
they must get him back to the truck but
Big John and Shawn cannot wait okay
we're going to get the other one
and I sometimes do what they're doing
now is just standing still I think the
dart single gone Ian one this far over
there maybe still asleep
quiet and calm each chase vehicle can
only carry three wildebeest so it's back
to the truck to offload there are 14 on
the truck but the last two are always
the hardest
John pushes his machine to the limit
fortunately he's one of the best pilots
in the business
which way back to the truck that way
let's go it's taken three hours to round
up the herd oh my god
Emma's the teen vet she spots an injury
we're going to be taking this one back
out again so I'm just getting Arnold to
just get all do the kit for me we're
gonna take him out so we can wake the
others up what's always summery looking
after the baby this looks like a old
fight injury and it looks quite swollen
there and he could feel it when I was
pressing and there's quite nasty deep
injury there there's a swelling here
soft swelling so what I'm going to do is
just Lance that flush it all out it's
quite thick you you are guys hate this
as you can see everybody's slowly
backing away cuz they know I like doing
this and they hate it yeah there's too
many Bulls on this place and too many
Volda beasts that's why we're taking
them off because there's a lot of
competition for the vegetation and for
the girls as well
you